README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>
  <h3><b>Realtime Search Box</b></h3>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Realtime Search Box] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Realtime Search Box]** A Web app  where users search articles, and then to have analytics that display what users were searching for. The app records users input in realtime and ultimately display analytics & trends on what people are searching for the most.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Ruby on rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">postgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[User Search querry]**
- **[Display result based on user input]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](#)

## 🚀 Project Presentation <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Presentation Link](#))

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Preriquisites

Ruby version >= 3.0.0
Node
PostgresQL

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
sh
  cd my-folder
 git clone https://github.com/ernestmusong/Realtime-seach-box.git

 ### Install:
 Run: bundle install
 Run: npm install

 ### Create database:
 Run: rails db:create

 ### Create database schema:
 Run: rails db:migrate

 ### Start:
 Run: rails s

 ### Tests:
 Run: rspec

 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Musong Ernest**

- GitHub: [@ernestmusong](https://github.com/ernestmusong)
- Twitter: [@MusongAkeh](https://twitter.com/MusongAkeh)
- LinkedIn: [Musong Ernest](https://www.linkedin.com/in/musongernestakeh/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Realtime-seach-box/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
If you like this project, give it a star please!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
  This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.txt) licensed.
  
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

save search only when number of words is greater than 3

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>
  <h3><b>Realtime Search Box</b></h3>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Realtime Search Box] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Realtime Search Box]** A Web app  where users search articles, and then to have analytics that display what users were searching for. The app records users input in realtime and ultimately display analytics & trends on what people are searching for the most.

## Test app how it works with the words
zoom,enim, Totam, consequatur, soluta, est, nulla, et, hic

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Ruby on rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">postgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[User Search querry]**
- **[Display result based on user input]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](#)

## 🚀 Project Presentation <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Presentation Link](#))

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Preriquisites

Ruby version >= 3.0.0
Node
PostgresQL

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
sh
  cd my-folder
 git clone https://github.com/ernestmusong/Realtime-seach-box.git

 ### Install:
 Run: bundle install
 Run: npm install

 ### Create database:
 Run: rails db:create

 ### Create database schema:
 Run: rails db:migrate

 ### Start:
 Run: rails s

 ### Tests:
 Run: rspec

 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Musong Ernest**

- GitHub: [@ernestmusong](https://github.com/ernestmusong)
- Twitter: [@MusongAkeh](https://twitter.com/MusongAkeh)
- LinkedIn: [Musong Ernest](https://www.linkedin.com/in/musongernestakeh/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Realtime-seach-box/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
If you like this project, give it a star please!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
  This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.txt) licensed.
  
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
